Requirement Gathering and analysis
System Analysis
The Analyst who carries out the system analysis must know what information to gather, where to find it, how to collect it, and what to make of it. The proper use of tools for gathering information is the key to successful analysis. The tools used are the traditional
 1) Interview 2) Questionnaire 3) On-site observations
The method choosed for this project is interview because we need the information from users on what all features can be included in a tutorial website, what all information is unnecessary and what all is lacking in the currently available tutorial websites.
The people interviewed for this project are students who have visited or has visited these websites, content developers who have probably worked on similar projects.
We are also including information about features for this website by visiting other similar websites and also analyzing the reviews about these websites by its users. The websites whose reviews by users are taken into account for this project include Byju's learning app, Unacademy's website (www. unacademy.com), W3Schools (www.w3schools.com) and Khan Academy(www.khanacademy.org), Cybrary(app.cybrary.it), Guru99(www.guru99.com), Code Academy(ww.codecademy.com), Tutorialspoint(www.tutorialspoint.com).
We are not including the method of on-site observation as it difficult to find people using such websites in our surroundings. The method of questionnaire was also excluded because the amount of people available to us who have used tutorial websites was less and an interview with them was not possible. Also validity of questionnaire is less compared to interview.
Interview
Interview is a face to face interpersonal role situation in which a person called the interviewer asks a person being interviewed questions designed to gather information about a problem area. This is the oldest and most often used device for gathering information in systems work. It can be used for two main purposes 1) as an exploratory device to identify relations or verify information and 2) to capture information as it exists.

Requirements:
With the availability of internet people are progressively using tutorial websites to learn subjects. Users of internet who are trying to learn subjects through tutorial websites are looking for sites that are simple and explain things to them easily and properly. Some of the key features users are interested or looking for are:
1.	Less data consuming: most sites require a high speed internet and  big data plans as they use up lot of internet data of the user.
2.	Video quality and playback options: many websites and apps like Byju's learning app do not allow the user to control video quality and playback . This usually result in videos loading at poor quality as the video quality changes frequently based on the internet speeds.
3.	Search bar should be provided to search the contents of the website.
4.	Should not be overcrowded with advertisements.
5.	Provide switches to go from bottom to top, links to other websites to read more and links to give info about keywords.
6.	Provide options to convert language, provide feedback, post complaints, ask questions and view most-viewed or most-attended topics/courses.
7.	Provide facilities for online tests.
8.	Provide attractive interface to users(use flip, dark mode etc.).
9.	Create website that is compatible with most devices and browsers.
10.	Should load faster, should be able to make notes or video offline. 
11.	Admin should be able to add videos and content, view users, view videos and content accepted by inspector and accept payments and view payment details.
12.	Inspector should be able to view contents provided by admin and make sure it is relevant and if necessary should be able to add to website and else should be able to remove those.
13.	 Students should be able to view courses(and demo classes) see their progress, attend tests and request for contents not available in this site. To create interest in students badges can be made given based on their progress.
14.	Log sessions of course for student: It is very useful to the student if whatever the student has learned until then are recorded and shown to the user in his dashboard for this, each time the user logs in and learns something it should be recorded and progress of a user in his course should be shown. 
15.	Login easily using google or facebook.
16.	Provide details on what all you can do in this site(welcome note/guide).
17.	Anybody can contribute contents to admin.
18.	Live projects -we can work on sample projects, materials available in pdf, inbuilt text editors(we can use online editors without downloading software).

About content and class:
•	Should provide examples, should be useful to both students and experts. Content should be properly categorized for different kinds of users.
•	Content should be reviewed to avoid errors.
•	Videos or content with similar theme and content should not be posted.
•	Classes should be provided in native language, should use simple language, understandable accent, proper background etc.
•	Live classes and ability to ask questions.
•	A glimpse of what is being covered should be given at beginning, followed by detailed explanation.
•	Users should be able to skip contents to see more details of same course. 

Existing System
1.	The current systems include tutorial sites with huge payment.
2.	Uses complicated language, difficult accent.
3.	Quality of videos are controlled automatically.
4.	Provides demo videos for users
5.	Some sites allow users to provide video classes to admin for money.
6.	Current systems provide interactive interface, provide tests.
Disadvantages of existing system
1.	Most systems do not take feedback.
2.	Some sites do not allow users to control video quality, playback.
3.	Quality of content, not user friendly.
4.	Some websites use lot of data.
5.	Classes in native language is not available
6.	Most websites are not compatible with certain browsers and interface is same in different devices.
